---
layout: post
title: Week 2
date: 2023-06-06
---

During this week I:
* Fixed my broken anaconda installation. The relevant anaconda-clean package wasn't able to be installed because of issues with the base environment, so I learned about creating new environments.
* Completed the first of two recommended mini-courses on [Machine Learning Mastery](https://machinelearningmastery.com/start-here). The full title for this mini-course is "Python Machine Learning (scikit-learn)". The other relevant course will be completed later. In this mini course, I learned how to:
    * Create a pandas.DataFrame from a CSV and how to specify a header row (if it exists).
    * Use relevant pandas.DataFrame methods to get a peek of the data and a statistical summary per attribute of the data.
    * Use matplotlib to display statistical plots like histograms.
    * Use scikit-learn to create classification models of the data and evaluate their accuracy with visuals.
* Met with [Victor](https://vtumbioloslick.github.io/), another DREU program participant under the same mentor, for him to teach me about the Weka tool for understanding machine learning models, and to give him an overview of the Suicide Prevention project so far. I am more knowledgeable about the project because I have been attending weekly meetings since the start of the Spring 2023 semester.
* Finished the application to apply for funding to the 2023 Tapia Conference and 2023 Grace Hopper Conference. My mentor and I think these conferences can be great opportunities.
* Gathered related work on Google Scholar to be read and considered for use in the Suicide Prevention project paper to be submitted to a machine learning conference.
